README.md, before:

# Expensify Release

To publish a new version run the following script, where `<base-version>` is the react-native version that the fork is based on, and `<fork-version>` is the version you want to publish. This will generate a tarball (`react-native-<fork-version>.tgz`) which can then be uploaded to a github release and consumed via npm.

```bash
node ./scripts/publish-npm-expensify.js --base-version <base-version> --fork-version <fork-version>
```

For example if the fork is based on react-native@0.71.0 and our fork version is 0.71.3.

```bash
node ./scripts/publish-npm-expensify.js --base-version 0.71.0 --fork-version 0.71.3
```

If you encounter build issues you can add the `--clean` flag to delete some folder that might cause some cache issues.

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/">
    React Native
  </a>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Learn once, write anywhere:</strong><br>
  Build mobile apps with React.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="React Native is released under the MIT license." />
  </a>
  <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/facebook/react-native">
    <img src="https://circleci.com/gh/facebook/react-native.svg?style=shield" alt="Current CircleCI build status." />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.org/package/react-native">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native?color=brightgreen&label=npm%20package" alt="Current npm package version." />
  </a>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/docs/contributing">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg" alt="PRs welcome!" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=reactnative">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/reactnative.svg?label=Follow%20@reactnative" alt="Follow @reactnative" />
  </a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started">Getting Started</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/docs/tutorial">Learn the Basics</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/showcase">Showcase</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/docs/contributing">Contribute</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/help">Community</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/.github/SUPPORT.md">Support</a>
</h3>

React Native brings [**React**'s][r] declarative UI framework to iOS and Android. With React Native, you use native UI controls and have full access to the native platform.

- **Declarative.** React makes it painless to create interactive UIs. Declarative views make your code more predictable and easier to debug.
- **Component-Based.** Build encapsulated components that manage their state, then compose them to make complex UIs.
- **Developer Velocity.** See local changes in seconds. Changes to JavaScript code can be live reloaded without rebuilding the native app.
- **Portability.** Reuse code across iOS, Android, and [other platforms][p].

React Native is developed and supported by many companies and individual core contributors. Find out more in our [ecosystem overview][e].

[r]: https://reactjs.org/
[p]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/out-of-tree-platforms
[e]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/ECOSYSTEM.md

## Contents

- [Expensify Release](#expensify-release)
- [Requirements](#-requirements)
- [Building your first React Native app](#-building-your-first-react-native-app)
- [Documentation](#-documentation)
- [Upgrading](#-upgrading)
- [How to Contribute](#-how-to-contribute)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#-license)


## 📋 Requirements

React Native apps may target iOS 12.4 and Android 5.0 (API 21) or newer. You may use Windows, macOS, or Linux as your development operating system, though building and running iOS apps is limited to macOS. Tools like [Expo](https://expo.dev) can be used to work around this.

## 🎉 Building your first React Native app

Follow the [Getting Started guide](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started). The recommended way to install React Native depends on your project. Here you can find short guides for the most common scenarios:

- [Trying out React Native][hello-world]
- [Creating a New Application][new-app]
- [Adding React Native to an Existing Application][existing]

[hello-world]: https://snack.expo.dev/@hramos/hello,-world!
[new-app]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started
[existing]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/integration-with-existing-apps

## 📖 Documentation

The full documentation for React Native can be found on our [website][docs].

The React Native documentation discusses components, APIs, and topics that are specific to React Native. For further documentation on the React API that is shared between React Native and React DOM, refer to the [React documentation][r-docs].

The source for the React Native documentation and website is hosted on a separate repo, [**@facebook/react-native-website**][repo-website].

[docs]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started
[r-docs]: https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html
[repo-website]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native-website

## 🚀 Upgrading

Upgrading to new versions of React Native may give you access to more APIs, views, developer tools, and other goodies. See the [Upgrading Guide][u] for instructions.

React Native releases are discussed [in this discussion repo](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-releases/discussions).

[u]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/upgrading
[repo-releases]: https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases

## 👏 How to Contribute

The main purpose of this repository is to continue evolving React Native core. We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, and we are grateful to the community for contributing bug fixes and improvements. Read below to learn how you can take part in improving React Native.

### [Code of Conduct][code]

Facebook has adopted a Code of Conduct that we expect project participants to adhere to.
Please read the [full text][code] so that you can understand what actions will and will not be tolerated.

[code]: https://code.fb.com/codeofconduct/

### [Contributing Guide][contribute]

Read our [**Contributing Guide**][contribute] to learn about our development process, how to propose bugfixes and improvements, and how to build and test your changes to React Native.

[contribute]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/contributing

### [Open Source Roadmap][roadmap]

You can learn more about our vision for React Native in the [**Roadmap**][roadmap].

[roadmap]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/wiki/Roadmap

### Good First Issues

We have a list of [good first issues][gfi] that contain bugs which have a relatively limited scope. This is a great place to get started, gain experience, and get familiar with our contribution process.

[gfi]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/labels/good%20first%20issue

### Discussions

Larger discussions and proposals are discussed in [**@react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals**][repo-meta].

[repo-meta]: https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals

## 📄 License

React Native is MIT licensed, as found in the [LICENSE][l] file.

React Native documentation is Creative Commons licensed, as found in the [LICENSE-docs][ld] file.

[l]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/LICENSE
[ld]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/LICENSE-docs

Commit message:

Bump package version to 0.71.2-alpha.0

README.md, after:

# Expensify Release

## Versioning

Before publishing an Expensify Release of this fork, you must first set the correct package version. The version should mirror the upstream tag that it's based off.

For example:

- While writing this, the upstream tag I've based this version of the fork off is `0.71.2`. Since this is our first time publishing the fork under this upstream version, the correct version for the fork is `0.71.2-alpha.0` (and the corresponding git branch should be called `Expensify-0.71.2-alpha.0`)
- If we publish the fork again without upgrading the fork to be based off a new upstream tag (such as `0.71.3`), then the next version would be `0.71.2-alpha.1`
- If we publish the fork again with a new upstream tag (such as `0.71.4`), then the alpha should reset, and the correct version would then be `0.71.4-alpha.0`

To update the version on the fork, run the following script:

```bash
node ./scripts/set-rn-version.js --to-version <fork-version> --build-type expensify
```

Then commit your changes.

## Publishing

To _publish_ a new version run the following script, where `<base-version>` is the react-native version that the fork is based on, and `<fork-version>` is the version you want to publish. This will generate a tarball (`react-native-<fork-version>.tgz`) which can then be uploaded to a github release and consumed via npm.

```bash
node ./scripts/publish-npm-expensify.js --base-version <base-version> --fork-version <fork-version>
```

For example if the fork is based on react-native@0.71.0 and our fork version is 0.71.3.

```bash
node ./scripts/publish-npm-expensify.js --base-version 0.71.0 --fork-version 0.71.3
```

If you encounter build issues you can add the `--clean` flag to delete some folder that might cause some cache issues.

<h1 align="center">
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/">
    React Native
  </a>
</h1>

<p align="center">
  <strong>Learn once, write anywhere:</strong><br>
  Build mobile apps with React.
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/LICENSE">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg" alt="React Native is released under the MIT license." />
  </a>
  <a href="https://circleci.com/gh/facebook/react-native">
    <img src="https://circleci.com/gh/facebook/react-native.svg?style=shield" alt="Current CircleCI build status." />
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.org/package/react-native">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native?color=brightgreen&label=npm%20package" alt="Current npm package version." />
  </a>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/docs/contributing">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg" alt="PRs welcome!" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/intent/follow?screen_name=reactnative">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/reactnative.svg?label=Follow%20@reactnative" alt="Follow @reactnative" />
  </a>
</p>

<h3 align="center">
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started">Getting Started</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/docs/tutorial">Learn the Basics</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/showcase">Showcase</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/docs/contributing">Contribute</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://reactnative.dev/help">Community</a>
  <span> · </span>
  <a href="https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/.github/SUPPORT.md">Support</a>
</h3>

React Native brings [**React**'s][r] declarative UI framework to iOS and Android. With React Native, you use native UI controls and have full access to the native platform.

- **Declarative.** React makes it painless to create interactive UIs. Declarative views make your code more predictable and easier to debug.
- **Component-Based.** Build encapsulated components that manage their state, then compose them to make complex UIs.
- **Developer Velocity.** See local changes in seconds. Changes to JavaScript code can be live reloaded without rebuilding the native app.
- **Portability.** Reuse code across iOS, Android, and [other platforms][p].

React Native is developed and supported by many companies and individual core contributors. Find out more in our [ecosystem overview][e].

[r]: https://reactjs.org/
[p]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/out-of-tree-platforms
[e]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/ECOSYSTEM.md

## Contents

- [Expensify Release](#expensify-release)
- [Requirements](#-requirements)
- [Building your first React Native app](#-building-your-first-react-native-app)
- [Documentation](#-documentation)
- [Upgrading](#-upgrading)
- [How to Contribute](#-how-to-contribute)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)
- [License](#-license)


## 📋 Requirements

React Native apps may target iOS 12.4 and Android 5.0 (API 21) or newer. You may use Windows, macOS, or Linux as your development operating system, though building and running iOS apps is limited to macOS. Tools like [Expo](https://expo.dev) can be used to work around this.

## 🎉 Building your first React Native app

Follow the [Getting Started guide](https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started). The recommended way to install React Native depends on your project. Here you can find short guides for the most common scenarios:

- [Trying out React Native][hello-world]
- [Creating a New Application][new-app]
- [Adding React Native to an Existing Application][existing]

[hello-world]: https://snack.expo.dev/@hramos/hello,-world!
[new-app]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started
[existing]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/integration-with-existing-apps

## 📖 Documentation

The full documentation for React Native can be found on our [website][docs].

The React Native documentation discusses components, APIs, and topics that are specific to React Native. For further documentation on the React API that is shared between React Native and React DOM, refer to the [React documentation][r-docs].

The source for the React Native documentation and website is hosted on a separate repo, [**@facebook/react-native-website**][repo-website].

[docs]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/getting-started
[r-docs]: https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html
[repo-website]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native-website

## 🚀 Upgrading

Upgrading to new versions of React Native may give you access to more APIs, views, developer tools, and other goodies. See the [Upgrading Guide][u] for instructions.

React Native releases are discussed [in this discussion repo](https://github.com/reactwg/react-native-releases/discussions).

[u]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/upgrading
[repo-releases]: https://github.com/react-native-community/react-native-releases

## 👏 How to Contribute

The main purpose of this repository is to continue evolving React Native core. We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, and we are grateful to the community for contributing bug fixes and improvements. Read below to learn how you can take part in improving React Native.

### [Code of Conduct][code]

Facebook has adopted a Code of Conduct that we expect project participants to adhere to.
Please read the [full text][code] so that you can understand what actions will and will not be tolerated.

[code]: https://code.fb.com/codeofconduct/

### [Contributing Guide][contribute]

Read our [**Contributing Guide**][contribute] to learn about our development process, how to propose bugfixes and improvements, and how to build and test your changes to React Native.

[contribute]: https://reactnative.dev/docs/contributing

### [Open Source Roadmap][roadmap]

You can learn more about our vision for React Native in the [**Roadmap**][roadmap].

[roadmap]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/wiki/Roadmap

### Good First Issues

We have a list of [good first issues][gfi] that contain bugs which have a relatively limited scope. This is a great place to get started, gain experience, and get familiar with our contribution process.

[gfi]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/labels/good%20first%20issue

### Discussions

Larger discussions and proposals are discussed in [**@react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals**][repo-meta].

[repo-meta]: https://github.com/react-native-community/discussions-and-proposals

## 📄 License

React Native is MIT licensed, as found in the [LICENSE][l] file.

React Native documentation is Creative Commons licensed, as found in the [LICENSE-docs][ld] file.

[l]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/LICENSE
[ld]: https://github.com/facebook/react-native/blob/HEAD/LICENSE-docs
